Hi, people, beauty, who speaks in another
law in a video of today we are here with
more news than in minecraft in
version 1.1 7.4 but before I wanted to ask
So that you do not forget to give that
and to help in the dissemination of
of my channel and also enjoy the lines
fan pages né my fan channel page
official
the fan page of my blog is how to install
minecraft templates and also do not forget to
make a visit there on my blog changed
the layout there hope you like it
so come on, pro video
Good people, we're here with one more.
new in minecraft version 1.1 7.4
This video will not be delayed edson
and will be fast conditioned the new
mobile version of the mini crash that is
the team who jockey is a variant there that
It is very rare for a baby samsung but in
It's true it's called bi dung chicken geoc
which is ok baby 11 june it goes
appear that mounted on a chicken
then this new mobi is a zombie baby
that will appear mounted on the chicken and the
zombie he will control the chicken is this
sumbe baby that will be mounted on the
chicken will not take damage in fall
because the chicken it when it is falling
She starts to flap her wings and goes down.
slowly and you're a very handsome man too.
rare and extremely rare because then the
minimum percentage of appearance
he will only talk when a baby is a
baby zombie is generated and also it can
appear in the neder then there it will be
A baby zombie pig does not ride on the chicken
I do not care if I care. I got one.
command block that we have to give
the command in a chat to catch because in the
creative menu does not exist and then the
people put the team lives their nick
common
send bloch beauty then under command
here in the hand I'll leave and the commands
that I put it in the description of the
video for you to test because it is very
rare to appear and move is not like me
I told you, they have a percentage
minimum to appear and will only return
when a baby zombie was generated right?
I'm nothing then clicking here with
right is the right mouse button
The command here is very simple, right?
We will work and install a
sound be that the rock coordinates
this video is the height at xyz né
to iacc then the command here is spoken if
for a baby is not true and will
put joaquim's command and that's what
of the line
this command that simple this way
So here you go and put a
pressure here we will press looks
It's just falling here as you can.
see he did not look giving the fall because
the hen comes flapping her wings and
leave
Look what a cute little baby.
zombie not who is in the sun
That's one more stop here for
example looking at chicken at chicken a
chicken will not take damage want to take
danielson looks at you
Look, I just do not know how fast he is.
here with the chicken
let's sit here in the ninth mold game
0 beauty because the music stopped main
I do not know if they're going after me.
I did not test the first time I
I'm testing dying.
look what will happen is very eta
fast
Look what 's faster than normal.
do not know
Look, he's jumping and flying.
recalling that in the heart and mail hi
damn you back for a mega leap here
to see if he will jump and cup one
Megapoço was not going to die if I put
here then not creative again
so this is it here was the ubv
bjork timken normal young né a zombie
normal here that is very rare in the
then replied that with the block of
command to make it easier for you
now let's visualize the pro neder
command block here is a board
expression command the staff will only change
here is the name of the zombie that we go
put a fix or a bomb is good it's the same
command and only change the Pixon guinea that
coordinates here you put which you
You want us to put more or less
to putting these here to be more
fast
it will appear that it is closer to you
Look, it's just here. Look, we only have one.
zombie jockey
Look, I was born, I'm going to do it.
creative when the dog in survival
for us to see hi, it 's peaceful, it's just going
to attack people hit attack because eta
so he does not run after people but the
we get close to him will give ué damage
disclosed
I think you're not controlling the
Chicken looks only I think it should be
logged is not controlling the galleon
get close where squeezes that he will me
kill it
or almost it is really I believe it should
be a bug or try to spy on
another was bribed look only because
that is not controlling the chicken
unlike the normal world side that
the baby zombie is controlling the chicken
Yeah, and you're going to kill the shot, let me kill you.
said he did not take it and he kills because he's
looking at me show and go-go matatu is
really look only here the attack
of them are individual and individual
because there in neder these people beating a
pizon bounces the pinkman zombie everybody
run after us, do not you baby the sound of
Pygmy was just a né I hit only him
even though he
kill me let's talk here last
Look at this one, he controls the chicken.
side is not controlling, let's see
maybe it's a bug, maybe if they
They will still fix this, I do not know.
Look what this is running after me.
personal beauty this video is getting
around here and I hope you have
liked it if they liked it and leave it
the one he favors to help in the
channel and disclosure and was not
inscribed on the scene until the next
Hugs, I did go